Update characteristics.stories.mdx (#575)
jpmorganchase/uitk: packages/theme/stories/characteristics/characteristics.stories.mdx

Each grouping of characteristics (also known in other design systems as _semantics_) is a set of CSS variables which encapsulates a specific concept. These tokens can then be reused by multiple components where necessary, allowing for consistency across design and logical, reusable patterns.

### What are characteristics?

Characteristics are semantic groupings of visual attributes that are applied across relevant components. They drive consistency and support theming across complex libraries. They help to define the rules that style each component and aid the cohesiveness of the UI.

### Why characteristics?

From a design perspective, there is a need for aesthetic flexibility without decreasing the efficiency of build or the effectiveness of the components when implemented. From a dev perspective, it provides an easy way to reuse the same values, without the overhead of having to remember details such as hex values. Any time you want to tweak the value of a characteristic, you only have to do it in one place for it to reflect everywhere.

Characteristics offer the following benefits:

> - Ability to theme the UITK inline with third-parties or CIB sub brand guidelines

Reviewer: Do these bullet points need full stops?

Author: Yes, fixed

}
```

> Note the use of `-high` emphasis characteristic tokens provided by UITK that weren't used in Card by default, as well as raw values to further emphasise the component. Now, all we have to do to make Card have emphasis is pass in the `uitkEmphasisHigh` prop:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note the use of `-high` emphasis characteristic tokens provided by UITK that weren't used in Card by default, as well as raw values to further emphasize the component. Now, all we have to do to make Card have emphasis is pass in the `uitkEmphasisHigh` prop:
```

> Note the use of `-high` emphasis characteristic tokens provided by UITK that weren't used in Card by default, as well as raw values to further emphasize the component. Now, all we have to do to make Card have emphasis is pass in the `uitkEmphasisHigh` prop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the use of `-high` emphasis characteristic tokens provided by UITK that weren't used in Card by default, as well as raw values to further emphasize the component. Now, all we have to do to make Card have emphasis is pass in the `uitkEmphasisHigh` class name:
```
